brah remember we used to have those
crazy story ideas back in third grade
well someone took one of those ideas and
made it into a freakin movie a movie
about a high schooler and a dictator who
are pen pals and then I start having
sleepovers as you know I give every
movie a chance even if to me it's a very
very very skippable stream it's even if
it's completely dumb because really I'm
the one dumb enough to go rent them let
me explain
so we have an island dictator over here
who I guess is supposed to resemble
Fidel Castro with no tan he's played by
Michael Caine who Michael what are you
doing man pretty much he runs this
country that revolts against them so
he's kind of he has to run away
meanwhile there's a girl back in the
States who's writing him letters since
her pie smashing teacher assigned him a
project and she said you know what I'm
at a message British Kim jong-un over
here and that's how they start the
relationship now no one likes this girl
in school right she dresses like Bono
and his gross she has no friends
her mom's getting Tarantino by her boss
who's cheating with her and her crush is
worse than moral Orel it's okay it's
okay
it's just temptation you can shun it one
day she goes home and since Anton
Vincent had to escape his country that
was like getting blown up I guess he'd
GPS one of the letters that he got from
her and he ends up becoming the boy in
the striped overalls for her he's living
off a fun dippin redbull he's bunking in
the garage and if he wasn't the kind and
carry Michael Caine that we all know and
love then I would have found this dude
sneaking into our teen girls closet to
be kind of creepy but then he also does
other creepy stuff they start vlogging
to get him back home they go on a
shopping spree they put this caterpillar
on his Michael what are you doing
obviously the mom finds him and in order
to show her in order to show her that
he's not violence he does this stuff
school oh he's probably mad I was gonna
tell you about him I swear
genius the mom then starts fantasizing
oh dear the man then starts fantasizing
about him as he starts doing chores
around the house like he's a Mexican I'm
Latino in spirit and of course him being
the great dictator that he is he is able
to then pass down his lessons and he
teaches the girl how to manipulate the
school so that she can be in charge and
she does so by throwing tampons
now I don't even know how to bring up
all the other stuff that happens in the
movie so I'm just gonna list them
there's a there's an episode of cooking
with King that comes out of nowhere
where he's making mole adder Reese's
Cups there's this kid who's her friend
who feels so guilty he kissed a girl and
liked it that he starts carving himself
they start milk boarding Jason Biggs in
one scene this obviously gets the girl
mad so she eggs her own house this kid
again messes up his second suicide and
then right at the end right when the
police finally come in to invade the
house they arrest the girl for bullying
the school that's the freakin dictator
who's IDing right there now maybe I'm
missing something right maybe it's my
mind it's just not capable of
understanding cinema the way that Roger
Ebert calm was able to since they gave
this a three out of four but what I know
is that by the end they just flash
forward and he turns himself in the girl
and the man move on and we get to learn
one lesson that I think really stands
out in this movie and that's that pen
pals can truly create lasting
friendships real friends thank you guys
for watching this video as always let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section I don't know it's
supposed to be a satirical comedy I
think they forgot about the comedy but
let me know your thoughts on this movie
or any other movies you want me to check
out comment them down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll write you a
letter